Update build-a-native-executable.md (#5905)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn-the-platform/native-support/build-a-native-executable.md

From Ballerina 2201.3.0 (SwanLake) onwards, Ballerina supports GraalVM AOT compilation to generate standalone executables by passing the native flag in the build command: `bal build --native`. The generated executable contains the modules in the current package, their dependencies, Ballerina runtime, and statically linked native code from the JDK.

> > **Info:** Apart from Ballerina runtime and standard libraries the following Ballerina external libraries are GraalVM compatible :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Info:** Apart from the Ballerina runtime and standard libraries, the following Ballerina external libraries are GraalVM compatible :
```

>  - [NATS](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/nats)
>  - [Kafka](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/kafka)
>  - [RabbitMQ](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/rabbitmq)
>  - [JDBC](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/java.jdbc)

> >  - [MSSQL](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/mssql)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  - [`mssql`](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/mssql)
```

>  - [MySQL](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/mysql)

> >  - [OracleDB](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/oracledb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  - [`oracledb`](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/oracledb)
```

### Configure GraalVM

1. Install GraalVM if you have not done it already.

>     - Install GraalVM on Linux, macOS, and Windows(via Git Bash, Cygwin, or WSL) with one line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Install GraalVM on Linux, macOS, and Windows (via Git Bash, Cygwin, or WSL) with one line
```
What do we mean by `one line` here? Better if we can explain it more.

Author: The command below is a single command to install GraalVM and native-image tool. I think we don't need to emphasize it here. We can just say : 
```suggestion
    - Execute the following command to install GraalVM on Linux, macOS, and Windows(via Git Bash, Cygwin, or WSL)
```
@shafreenAnfar @praneesha WDYT?

Reviewer: Let's just mention the command. No need to say `one line`.

Author: @praneesha Fixed via [92ebef7](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/5905/commits/92ebef771a0c2052d07c49cd872ac69bcccd230b)

      ```
      $ bash <(curl -sL https://get.graalvm.org/jdk)  graalvm-ce-java11-22.3.0
      ```
      > **Tip:** The above command installs the native-image tool, which is required to generate the native images along with GraalVM.

>     - For additional information, see [Get Started with GraalVM](https://www.graalvm.org/22.3/docs/getting-started)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For additional information, see [Get Started with GraalVM](https://www.graalvm.org/22.3/docs/getting-started).
```
